r here albarracín has it like this
albarracín strongly as the uribe
jala nay orders mendoza good says that
Mr.
if you do not risk waiting to see
what happens
a mirror catches the attention of the referee
of the santibáñes party was cut
because I understand that I do not know
justify
mendoza who will also claim the
lack
public being the kettle here in matute
costs the last six years well the
turn of coast is called to go for
inside for outside and then all the
intention to look for the angle
place it on the opposite pole where
I was covering morals
Y
do not
precious appreciated precious
precious already prized before landauri the
headbutt despised with the first to
that wakes up turn on those that the
matute stadium keep witnessing the
boiler of victory
one
announced but he did appreciated
insisted torrijos
precious but before trujillo white and the
Pattern